I've got a bunch of shoulder exercises
for you to start off with the military
press which is one of the big five
exercises and those are the exercises
that are very important to do because
they are big compound exercises you can
do this with dumbbells as well but I
prefer to do it with a barbell then a
couple of bodyweight variations you
start off with the easiest one which is
a Pike pushup and if you are more
advanced than you can go on to the
modified handstand pushup and for this
you will put your feet on an object such
as a chair or a bed and once you are
very advanced or at least rather
advanced you will go on to the handstand
push-up then beside phrase I show you
two variations that are often used the
first one is one with your arms in a
ninety degree angle and personally I
prefer this variation because I can put
a lot more focus on my shoulders rather
than using momentum which I often do
when I'm performing side raises with my
arms fully extended it really depends on
what you prefer so try out both
variations and see which one works best
for you then there is another shoulder
exercise that you can perform with a
barbell this is the front raise with a
barbell I'm using an EZ curl bar that
doesn't really matter I just didn't feel
like using a straight bar this time I
think it's easier with a straight bar
you can also do this with a set of
dumbbells and this is much more common
it's also a lot better in my opinion
because you can focus on just one arm at
a time or you can also use two arms but
still you won't use your stronger side
more than your weaker side may you have
the Arnold press I think this is a great
exercise and I believe it's developed by
Arnold Schwarzenegger and what you do is
you will make a kind of twisting motion
when you're moving your arms towards the
top so when you're extending your arms
with the weights then two variations for
the back of your shoulder which is
called the posterior deltoids and the
first one is where you lay down on a
bench a slightly inclined bench and what
you will do next is you will raise the
the weights to decides and basically
backwards it's kind of a reverse
dumbbell fly which you would do for the
chest the next one is kind of the same
but this time you're standing up or
actually you're kind of bending over and
it is easier for you if you rest your
head or your forehead on a bench or
something like that this will help to
keep the stress away from your lower
back so those are a bunch of exercises
for the shoulders make sure that you
check out the other back to basic videos
to learn more exercises thank you for
watching subscribe for more and I'll see
you next time